MRT 3 Line 
1. North Avenue Station

Trinoma Mall - A sanctuary of retail and relaxation north of the metropolis. TriNoma is characterized by the convergence of spacious interiors, soothing landscapes, and of course, diverse shopping, dining, and entertainment options.

SM North EDSA - a colossal shopping mall located in the northern part of Metro Manila, in the Philippines.

UP-Ayala Land TechnoHub - an information technology hub jointly developed by the University of the Philippines Diliman and property developer Ayala Land.

2. Quezon Avenue Station

Quezon City Hall and Freedom Triangle - Quezon City Hall The Quezon City Hall is a government building located along Elliptical Road. It houses the office of the Mayor of Quezon City, while the Quezon City Council is in the adjacent Legislative Wing.

SM City Sta. Mesa - It is the second SM Supermall, second in Quezon City, and the seventh SM branch developed and operated by SM Prime Holdings owned by Henry Sy, Sr.

Quezon Memorial Circle - One of the most important features of the Quezon City Memorial Circle. It is a towering monument that stands 66 meters high and is located at the center of the park.

QC Library - The main library is situated within the Quezon City Hall complex while the library also maintain smaller branches within the city.

3. Kamuning Station

Kamuning Bakery Café - Pegged as the oldest bakery in Quezon City that is still operational, Kamuning Bakery Cafe serves traditionally made bread straight from its oven.

PBB House - The original Pinoy Big Brotherhouse featured pastel colored walls partnered indigenous Filipino decors.

4. Cubao Station

Araneta Coliseum - The Araneta Coliseum, also currently known by naming rights sponsorship as Smart Araneta Coliseum, is an indoor multi-purpose sports arena that is part of the Araneta City in the Cubao area of Quezon

Farmers Plaza - Farmers Plaza is a shopping mall located in Araneta Center, Cubao, Quezon City. The mall is Araneta Centre’s gateway to EDSA.

Gateway Mall - Gateway Mall is a shopping mall in the Araneta City in Cubao, Quezon City, Philippines. Owned and operated by the Araneta City, Inc.

SM Araneta City - The Araneta City (Araneta Center) is a 35-hectare transit-oriented, commercial mixed-use development in Cubao Quezon City, Philippines.

5. Santolan-Annapolis Station

Camp Aguinaldo - Camp General Emilio Aguinaldo (CGEA; formerly Camp Murphy), also known as Camp Aguinaldo, is the site of the general headquarters (GHQ) of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP).

St. Ignatius Cathedral - San Ignacio Church in Intramuros, Manila, Philippines, was designed for the Jesuits by architect Félix Roxas Sr., and completed in 1899. It was known as their "Golden Dream" but was destroyed during World War II.

Greenhills - Established by Ortigas and Company as the centerpiece shopping center of the Greenhills development in the 1970s, it is a mall complex containing more than 2,000 stores and is one of the oldest shopping malls in the country.


6. Ortigas Station

Shangri-La Plaza Mall - a shopping mall located in Ortigas Center, Mandaluyong, Philippines. It is owned and operated by the Kuok Group of Companies, the owner of the worldwide chain of Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts.

Capitol Commons - Capitol Commons is a mixed-use development in Oranbo, Pasig, Metro Manila, Philippines.

St. Francis Square Mall - St. Francis Square Mall is a shopping mall located in the heart of Ortigas Center and part of the St. Francis Square Complex. The mall is located behind SM Megamall.

7. Shaw Boulevard Station

SM Megamall - It is the third largest shopping mall in the Philippines and the thirteenth largest in the world.

Greenfield District Pavilion - Fully airconditioned with approximately 750 square meters of wall space, the orange hues that greet you upon entering the venue already speak of intensity, power and fun.

Starmall EDSA-Shaw - Starmalls is one of the two retail arms of the Filipino real estate company Vista Land, the other being Vista Malls.

8. Boni Station

Robinsons Pioneer - Forum Robinsons (formerly Robinsons Place Pioneer) was a shopping mall in Mandaluyong, Metro Manila, Philippines, owned and operated by Robinsons Land.

Pioneer Center Supermart - Pioneer Centre, Incorporated is a Shopping mall located in Pasig. It isn't fancy, but it's got everything you need.

SMDC Light Mall - SM Light Mall is a modern shopping center that boasts retail stores for fashion and home products, dining establishments, and a cinema.

9. Guadalupe Station

Guadalupe Viejo Church - The Nuestra Señora de Gracia Church, commonly known as Guadalupe Church (abbreviated as NSDG), is a Baroque Roman Catholic church in Makati City.

Power Plant Mall - The five-storey shopping mall is located at Rockwell Drive corner Estrella Street in Barangay Poblacion, Makati. It is part of the Rockwell Center

10. Ayala Station

Ayala Center Makati - The complex comprises three shopping malls, three department stores, each with its own retail shops, restaurant arcades and cinemas, several hotels, eight residential towers, five office towers, four parking buildings, and leisure amenities.

Ayala Museum - A museum in Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines. It is run privately by the Ayala Foundation and houses archaeological, ethnographic, historical, fine arts, numismatics, and ecclesiastical exhibits.

Ayala Triangle Gardens - A triangular public garden and courtyard in the center of the Makati Central Business District.

11. Magallanes Station

Ninoy Aquino Monument(Makati City) - A bronze monument by sculptor Peter de Guzman which commemorates the slain of former senator and Filipino hero Benigno “Ninoy” S. Aquino Jr.

Yuchengco Museum - The Yuchengco Museum is a hub of culture and art nestled in the bustling city of Manila, the capital of the Philippines.

12. Taft Avenue

Rajah Sulayman Park - A public square nestled in the heart of Malate, Manila. This historical landmark pays homage to Rajah Sulayman, the last native chieftain of Maynila before the Spanish colonization.

DreamPlay - The world’s first DreamWorks-inspired, education-based interactive play space located in Manila.

SM Mall of Asia - It is the largest shopping mall in the Philippines, located in Bay City, Pasay.